Pass at simplifying, clarifying and tidying content (#22)
ImperialCollegeLondon/grad_school_software_engineering_course: _episodes/l1-04-abstractions.md

concerns:

```python
def main():
  # reading input files is one thing
  data = read_input(filename)

  # creating complex objects is another
  section_I = SectionI(data)

  # compute is still something else
  result_I = section_I.compute(some_value)

  # Saving data is another
  save(result_I)

def read_input(filename):
  """ Reads input data from file. """
  pass

> def save(data, filename = "saveme.h5"):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
def save(data, filename="saveme.h5"):
```

```python
class SectionI

>     def run(self, b, filename = "somefile.aaa"):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    def run(self, b, filename="somefile.aaa"):
```

> It's often a **bad** idea for functions to modify their arguments.

Reviewer 2: I think we should moderate a bit this strong statement. Very often, methods are designed to modify the state of the object, which is one of the input arguments - self -, and there might be cases where modifying the input is more convenient. Fortran does that continuously in subroutines. So, yes, it is in general desirable but calling it a "**bad** idea" is not necessary true.

Author: This is a bit of a tricky one. I think it is fair to say that this is generally a bad idea in Python. Methods are arguably a different case to standard functions. Outside of methods I'd usually only consider modifying an input if its absolutely required for optimisation reasons. That self is an argument of methods is more of a syntatic quirk of Python.

But, as you point out, in some languages this is how they work by design. Other languages, like Haskell, actively forbid this (thou functions shalt be pure!). So I will update to make the advice more generally applicable.

calling it twice with the same input (`measurements`) will yield the same
result.

In general make sure that all variables have the most limited scope possible. If
they're only needed within a single function define them there. Wherever

> possible make variables into constants so you know they're not being modified

Reviewer 2: There are no "constants" in Python, which is what we are using in the course, so maybe  clarify this is applicable only to other languages or remove the sentence altogether.

Reviewer: Maybe just change the wording like this?
```suggestion
possible treat variables as constants so you know they're not being modified
```
